Document projects API PATCH endpoint (#1503)
zeit/docs: components/references-mdx/api/v2/endpoints/projects.mdx

  ]
}`}</Code>

### Update a Single Project

<Endpoint>
  PATCH /v2/projects/:id
  <br />
  PATCH /v2/projects/:name
</Endpoint>

> Update some fields of a project either with its name or id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the fields of a project using either its `name` or `id`.
```

#### Request Parameters

| Key                 | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Required | Description                                                                                                                           |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **framework**       | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | No       | The framework that is being used for this project. When `null` is used no framework is used.                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **framework**       | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | No       | The framework that is being used for this project. When `null` is used no framework is selected.                                          |
```

> | **publicSource**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | No       | Specifies wether the source code and logs of the deployments for this project should be public or not.                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **publicSource**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | No       | Specifies whether the source code and logs of the deployments for this project should be public or not.                                |
```

#### Request Parameters

| Key                 | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Required | Description                                                                                         |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **buildCommand**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | No       | The build command for this project. When `null` is used this value will be automatically detected.  |
| **devCommand**      | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | No       | The dev command for this project. When `null` is used this value will be automatically detected.    |
| **outputDirectory** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | No       | The output directory of the project. When `null` is used this value will be automatically detected. |

##### Example Request

<Request
  method="PATCH"
  url="https://api.zeit.co/v2/projects/a-project-name"
  headers={{
    'Content-Type': 'application/json'
  }}
  auth
  body={{

>     buildCommand: 'build.sh',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    buildCommand: 'jekyll build',
```

>     devCommand: 'dev.sh',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    devCommand: 'jekyll serve --port $PORT',
```

    outputDirectory: null
  }}
/>

##### Example Response

<Code lang="json">{`{

>   "id":"QmQKrt94KYKF3sDysJq19N87uMmE8Wicbt2GirePy1dH8U",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "id": "QmQKrt94KYKF3sDysJq19N87uMmE8Wicbt2GirePy1dH8U",
```

>   "name":"a-project-name",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "name": "a-project-name",
```

>   "accountId":"K4amb7K9dAt5R2vBJWF32bmY",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "accountId": "K4amb7K9dAt5R2vBJWF32bmY",
```

  "framework": {
    "slug": "next",
    "version": "9.0.0"
  },
  "buildCommand": {
    "auto": false,
    "valueDetected": "yarn build",

>     "valueCurrent": "build.sh"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "valueCurrent": "jekyll build"
```

>     "valueDetected": "yarn build",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "valueDetected": "yarn run build",
```

  },
  "devCommand": {
    "auto": false,
    "valueDetected": "next -p $PORT",

>     "valueCurrent": "dev.sh"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "valueCurrent": "jekyll serve --port $PORT"
```

  },
  "outputDirectory": {
    "auto": true,

>     "valueDetected": "build",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "valueDetected": "dist",
```

>     "valueCurrent": "build"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "valueCurrent": "dist"
```

  },

>   "updatedAt":1555413045188,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "updatedAt": 1555413045188,
```

>   "createdAt":1555413045188

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "createdAt": 1555413045188
```

>   "updatedAt": 1555413045188,

Reviewer 2: This needs to be later than the creation date
